DOCSP-43093 Add compatibility page (#41)
mongodb/docs-c: source/index.txt

.. Learn how to report bugs, contribute to the driver, and find more resources for
.. asking questions and receiving help in the :ref:`Issues & Help <c-issues-and-help>` section.

Compatibility
------------

> For the compatibility charts that show the recommended {+driver-short+} version for each
> {+mdb-server+} version, see the :ref:`Compatibility <c-compatibility>` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn about the versions of the {+mdb-server+} and the C language that are compatible with each version of the 
{+driver-short+}, see the :ref:`Compatibility <c-compatibility>` section.
```
